Breeje

high

# Missing deadline checks allow pending transactions to be maliciously executed

## Summary

The `Periphery` contract does not allow users to submit a deadline for their action. This missing feature enables pending transactions to be maliciously executed at a later point.

## Vulnerability Detail

Here's how MEV Bot can exploit it without deadline check:

1. The swap transaction is pending in the mempool. The price of 1 token has gone up significantly since the transaction was signed, meaning Alice would receive a lot more second token when the swap is executed. But that also means that her minimum Output Amount value is outdated and would allow for significant slippage.
2. A MEV bot detects the pending transaction. Since the outdated minimum Output Amount now allows for high slippage, the bot sandwiches Alice, resulting in significant profit for the bot and significant loss for Alice.

This is the reason any critical functionality where user is going to interact with the pool should be passed with a deadline of execution. As pool balance and result out of interact with pool is time dependent, there should not be any attack vector left for attackers to manipulate. By setting deadline such attack vector will be mitigated.

## Impact

Loss of funds.

## Code Snippet

Functions which can be affected:

```solidity
File: Periphery.sol

178:    function swapForPTs(

204:    function swapForYTs(

240:    function swapPTs(

263:    function swapYTs(

275:    function swapYTsForTarget(

325:    function addLiquidity(

371:    function removeLiquidity(

```
[Link to Code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-sense/blob/main/sense-v1/pkg/core/src/Periphery.sol#L178)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Introduce a deadline parameter to the mentioned functions and add a require check at the end such that the transaction can go only when the deadline is not met.