Diana

medium

# Lack of safeApprove(0) prevents withdrawing stake assets, approving vault, and the changing of spender allowance

## Summary
`sponsorSeries()` might not work for some ERC20 tokens such as USDT. This is because one cannot change the allowance of USDT from non-zero to non-zero. One needs to change the allowance to zero first and then change it to the desired amount.

Some tokens do not implement the ERC20 standard properly but are still accepted by most code that accepts ERC20 tokens. For example Tether (USDT)‘s `safeApprove()` function will revert if the current approval is not zero, to protect against front-running changes of approvals.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `sponsorSeries()` function allows one to sponsor a new series in any adapter previously onboarded onto the Divider. One needs to approve divider to withdraw stake assets

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-sense/blob/main/sense-v1/pkg/core/src/Periphery.sol#L128

However, one cannot change the allowance of tokens such as USDT from non-zero to non-zero. One needs to change the allowance to zero first and then change it to the desired amount.

Similarly, the same issue exists for `_fillQuote()`, `_addLiquidityToSpace()`, `_balancerSwap()`, and `_onboardAdapter()` functions as well. These can be called by `addLiquidity()`, or  `onFlashLoan()`.

## Impact
Some functions such as `sponsorSeries()`, `_fillQuote()`, `_addLiquidityToSpace()`, `_balancerSwap()`, and `_onboardAdapter()` might not work for some ERC20 tokens such as USDT. This is because one cannot change the allowance of USDT from non-zero to non-zero. One needs to change the allowance to zero first and then change it to the desired amount.

The code as currently implemented does not handle these sorts of tokens properly when they’re a Uniswap pool asset, which would prevent USDT, the sixth largest pool, from being used by this project. This project relies heavily on Uniswap, so this would hamper future growth and availability of the protocol.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-sense/blob/main/sense-v1/pkg/core/src/Periphery.sol#L128

```solidity
ERC20(stake).safeApprove(address(divider), stakeSize);
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-sense/blob/main/sense-v1/pkg/core/src/Periphery.sol#L491-L493

```solidity
target.safeApprove(address(divider), type(uint256).max);
target.safeApprove(address(adapter), type(uint256).max);
ERC20(Adapter(adapter).underlying()).safeApprove(address(adapter), type(uint256).max);
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-sense/blob/main/sense-v1/pkg/core/src/Periphery.sol#L509

```solidity
ERC20(assetIn).safeApprove(address(balancerVault), amountIn);
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-sense/blob/main/sense-v1/pkg/core/src/Periphery.sol#L861

```solidity
liq.tokens[i].safeApprove(address(balancerVault), liq.amounts[i]);
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-sense/blob/main/sense-v1/pkg/core/src/Periphery.sol#L908

```solidity
ERC20(address(quote.sellToken)).safeApprove(quote.spender, type(uint256).max);
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Always do `safeApprove(0)` if the allowance is being changed, or use `safeIncreaseAllowance()`