Breeje

high

# Use of payable.transfer can lead to DOS and Freezing of funds

## Summary

Unsafe Transfer is used in the following methods:

* `issue()`
* `_removeLiquidity()`
* `_fillQuote()`
* `_transfer()`

which can lead to DOS in future.

## Vulnerability Detail

Transfer has hard coded gas budget and can fail when the user is a smart contract. Whenever the user either fails to implement the payable fallback function or cumulative gas cost of the function sequence invoked on a native token transfer exceeds 2300 gas consumption limit the native tokens sent end up undelivered and the corresponding user funds return functionality will fail each time.

This is the reason in future if any transfer exceeds 2300 gas consumption limit, the function will always revert.

As `transfer` call is used in critical function like `removeLiquidity`, it can lead to permanent freezing of funds as the contract will not be able to remove any liquidity. These freezing of funds makes it a High Severity Issue.

## Impact

DOS of critical functionalities like `removeLiquidity` leading to freezing of funds.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
File: Periphery.sol

419:    ERC20(divider.pt(adapter, maturity)).transfer(receiver, uBal); // Send PTs to the receiver
420:    ERC20(divider.yt(adapter, maturity)).transfer(receiver, uBal); // Send YT to the receiver

744:    if (ptBal > 0) ERC20(pt).transfer(receiver, ptBal);

930:    payable(msg.sender).transfer(refundAmt);

1013:   address(token) == ETH ? payable(receiver).transfer(amt) : token.safeTransfer(receiver, amt);

```
[Link to Code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-sense/blob/main/sense-v1/pkg/core/src/Periphery.sol#L744)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Using low-level call.value(amount) with the corresponding result check or using the OpenZeppelin’s Address.sendValue is advised.