foxb868

high

# Attacker can execute any contract logic on the contract's behalf, which can result in serious damage to the contract,.

## Summary
The `sponsorSeries` function allows users to sponsor a new series in any adapter previously `onboarded` onto the Divider. 

The function is intended to initialize a new series in the Divider with the given adapter and maturity, however, the `quote.swapCallData` parameter in the function can receive arbitrary call data, which can execute any contract logic on the contract's behalf.
As a result, an attacker can exploit this vulnerability to execute any arbitrary code and steal funds, lock the contract, or render the contract permanently dysfunctional.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `sponsorSeries` function in the Periphery contract has a vulnerability that allows for arbitrary contract logic to be executed by passing it in the `quote.swapCallData` parameter.

This can be exploited by an attacker to execute any malicious contract code that they want, potentially stealing users funds or causing other unintended effects.

To prove this, consider the following excerpt from the Periphery contract:
```solidity
function sponsorSeries(
    address adapter,
    uint256 maturity,
    bool withPool,
    PermitData calldata permit,
    SwapQuote calldata quote
) external payable returns (address pt, address yt) {
    ...
    if (address(quote.sellToken) != stake) _fillQuote(quote);

    ...

    (pt, yt) = divider.initSeries(adapter, maturity, msg.sender);

    ...
}
```
The `quote.swapCallData` parameter is passed to the `_fillQuote` function in the code above. This function does not have any input validation or filtering, which means that any arbitrary data can be passed to it.

An attacker can pass in malicious contract code as `quote.swapCallData`, which can then be executed by the `sponsorSeries` function. This can lead to the loss of user funds or other unintended consequences.

```sql
            +----------------+
            | sponsorSeries  |
            +----------------+
                     |
                     |
                     v
            +----------------+
            |   _fillQuote   |
            +----------------+
                     |
                     |
                     v
       +-----------------------------+
       | quote.swapCallData parameter |
       +-----------------------------+
                     |
                     |
                     v
         +----------------------------+
         |   Malicious contract code |
         +----------------------------+
                     |
                     |
                     v
            +----------------+
            | Warning symbol |
            +----------------+
```
I provide this diagram that shows the flow of data from the `sponsorSeries` function to the `_fillQuote` function, with the `quote.swapCallData` parameter being passed between them, the lack of input validation and filtering is represented by a gap in the `_fillQuote` function, which allows any data to be passed through it.

The diagram also shows an attacker passing in malicious contract code as the `swapCallData` parameter, which is then executed by the `sponsorSeries` function.
The warning symbol indicates the potential risks associated with this action, such as the loss of user funds.

## Impact
An attacker can exploit the vulnerability in the `sponsorSeries` function, which allows the function to receive arbitrary call data in the `quote.swapCallData` parameter, an attacker can execute any contract logic on the contract's behalf, which can result in serious damage to the contract, including stealing of funds and/or assets, denial-of-service attacks, locking the contract or even rendering the contract permanently dysfunctional.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sense-finance/sense-v1/blob/82abac25404d83b7aefaaeb46631f1d050dc4a4e/pkg/core/src/Periphery.sol#L124

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add input validation or filtering to the `_fillQuote` function to ensure that only trusted and valid data is passed in the `quote.swapCallData` parameter.

Alternatively, the contract should use a whitelist of trusted contracts and only allow calls to those contracts in the `quote.swapCallData` parameter.